I have been waiting for years. Yet I haven't received my invitation to walk next to the creators. Why is this? This has puzzled me for many a day and I am yet to come to a conclusion. This haunts me. I pray I have not done any wrong in their eyes but their gazes are constant and I too am a sinner. I pray for their salvation on which they will give upon the world. I shall wait. Time is a test, and I am waiting.

We put on their faces and imitate their actions to merely gain a feeling of their greatness. They may bless hundreds at a time with an alpha invite but hundreds out of millions are nothing at all. We are the imitators. We are the impure. The cleansing will come and with it, we are all, born, anew.

My father once told me stories of the ancients, living on Aeternum itself. Only stories but they had the truth weaved into the words. I hope one day I will see them my self, for my father was a descendant of explorers past. Maybe they live. Maybe they will save us before the cleanse. The only others who hold power are them if they haven't been wiped out. We pray for salvation from either but one is preferred.

They will hunt. There will be none left in their wake.

I pray for your safety JabMan. For these is none in the new world. Ravaged land and homes torn apart by angry gods. Leaving the few remaining to rot. There is no safety in wishful thinking. Prepare.

A foolish man named Funax.ios, Hey have you heard of New World? Its some kind of dark souls ripoff but its multiplayer! it looks so bad and it even has microtransactions.

The gods will be displeased by his disloyalty.

The streets dampened by the blood of ancients shall once more run red with your death. I pray that you jest unless you are asking for death. The gods are not in favor of humor Funax.ios, I can only do so much to tame a beast that wish not be tamed. Run while you still can.

I spend time every day checking my inboxes in hopes the letter from the heavens is sent to me. Every day I open and check to see nothing but ads from Facebook. I am disappointed when I see this, more than the previous night every time. Time is a factor in everything. Minutes a day spent checking for an invite adds up over weeks and months. Time is a tool, it is used to progress things but just as much as it may help progress it may also regress certain aspects.

Only six more days remain. We suffer yet we continue. Time is weaved with woes, the time we spend waiting for feels like an eternity. It is a trial put down by them. Many give up for they are weak. The rest who stay will be shown the rewards of their devotion. Although very few will remain, the remnants of humanity shall be given the knowledge possessed by the gods. We shall continue our wait.

There are only 2 more days till the first ships shall dock upon our world. Those who listened and waited will be allowed for only a brief 2 weeks before they return. The 2 weeks shall be filled with the joy of experimenting in the creations of joy given to us by Mr. Bezos. After our return, we must wait 29 days till we get to experience heaven and joey once more. Those coming weeks will be agony but we shall wait even years if needed for we know the reward is worth even our lives.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A Brief Interlude,

I have discovered in my time of reflection there are very few people deemed worthy of the gift of life. 

We inherited traditions from my father, he told us stories of our ancestors. He told us about the gods in particular. He remembered his people cursed by the gods, forever stuck in endless pain till they died. He stressed the importance of why we must uphold the rules in accordance to their wishes. By disobeying them we would only make our people suffer. He said that when Eclipsis forgot to attend CS:GO at 5-5:30 it shook the world. It was akin to spitting in the god's face. He said he was unknowing of what happened to him after that. He was branded an outcast by the public before disappearing. One can only guess the tragedies that befell him after his departure. He stands to this day a monument of the importance of pledging our faith towards the new world.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The gods are tricksters.

They have played with us for eons, teasing the release but finally, we shall witness its greatness. They have opened the first layer, letting us see the beauty within. They have promised us entry. Their words carried weight, laced with true and lie alike. We may enter now but we know not the price we have paid. There is only one way to truly find what we have been given. To enter, Aeternum.
